all right well I got some great news
tonight I was able to replicate jamba
Dinis earthlight the whole enchilada and
really neat I made a big battery and
this is the big one that he has shown
and this is laser sabers idea but
somebody else i think it was pirate or
bill or bill or somebody or mark hail or
somebody mentioned these charcoal water
filter elements that you can get it
Lohse and they are compressed carbon and
man did that make a great battery and
you just take off the stuff that's on
there and you wrap it with felt like
John said to do and you wrap it up with
this magnesium ribbon that you can get
it on eBay and man what a battery that
makes and that's running this thing
straight up there's no modification of
that circuit whatsoever in fact I've got
inductors little jokes aren't quite
right that look at the milliamps that
that thing's pumping out it's pumping
out 21 milliamps that doesn't sound like
a lot of folks but when you're working
with these kinds of things that run on
the moisture that is something else and
that little guy over there is only
putting out about a milliamp and it's
running that pulse motors been running
that pulse motor for a long time and
that difference between the size of that
and the size of that is huge I can run
most of my projects that work on a
double a battery on that battery right
there a lot of my stuff works down there
around a milliamp now if I can't get it
to run down under 100 milliamps I don't
think I'm doing very good on a double a
battery I could probably run exciters
off that that jewel ringer some of my
little bedini SSG Bob and bedini type of
spinner motor to run off that and
a huge success and you have to buy these
two at a time it was like eleven dollars
and fifty cents at lowes hardware store
it's a whirlpool filter and the part
number is a 14 901 oh it's a whirlpool
of charcoal water filter and like I say
you take it apart comes apart pretty
easy you take this stuff off of it wrap
it up and felt and then just start
spiraling this magnesium ribbon on it
and it's wonderful in its hollow inside
now John mentioned make them one of
these things with a magnesium rod on the
inside and I'm sure that would work just
as well and I haven't done any
temperature readings on this I'm going
to let this run for a day or two and see
what happens but all I did once I built
it was put distilled water on it and the
felt soaked it up right away you know
that's all I'm going to use on this is
distilled water it puts out 1.75 volts
at that milliamp load and to me that's
that's fantastic compared up to the
stuff that I've built so far and like I
say that's running this thing right
there just phenomenally and very happy
with this thing this earth light that
John's come up with in conjunction with
laser sabers battery that John has
worked on and then now I've worked on is
making a real winter scenario anyway I'm
anxious to see the new circuit John for
this I know you're trying to tell me how
to build it i'm confused on how to do
that but hopefully you'll let let me
know how to build the the new circuit
for this light thanks for watching guys
good day here